H01
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in Sydney. A visitor has arrived at the embassy and has asked if he can use the bathroom. Give him directions to the bathroom, and any other information he may need to know.
MODEL: S: Hello. Welcome to the Japanese Embassy. Do you have an appointment?
T: Yes. I have a meeting from 3pm to apply for a visa. However, I’d like to use the bathroom first. Can you tell me where it is?
S: Yes. The men’s bathroom is down the hall, on the right.
T: Thank you.
S: You’re welcome.

H02
PROMPT_EN: You work in the embassy in Belgium. A staff member from MOFA will arrive on Saturday. Ask local staff to go to the airport to meet him. Give information about his arrival schedule and answer any questions the staff asks.
MODEL: S: Hello, John?
T: Yes, Mr. Tsukada. What can I do for you?
S: I need your help.
T: What is it?
S: Please go to the airport tomorrow and meet Mr. Saito. He will come from Tokyo. He will arrive on flight UA880.
T: Okay. What time?
S: At 11am.
T: I see. Should I bring him to the embassy, or take him directly to his hotel?
S: Please bring him here. He will have a meeting at 12:00. We will have lunch after the meeting.
T: I understand. I will go straight to the airport tomorrow morning to meet him.
S: Thank you. If you have a problem, please call us.
T: I will.
S: Thank you.

H03
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Brisbane. A visitor from MOFA has come to Brisbane to meet with staff at the consulate. They have asked you to make a reservation at a local restaurant. The visitor has an allergy to seafood.
MODEL: T: Hello. Asian Fusion. How can I help you.
S: Hello. Can I make a reservation, please?
T: Certainly. When is the reservation for?
S: Next Tuesday.
T: And what time?
S: 8pm, please.
T: Okay. Let me check… Okay, we have seats available. How many people will there be?
S: Eight people.
T: I see. Sure, we can do that.
S: Thank you.
T: Can I have your name please?
S: My name is Taro Suzuki.
T: Okay. And a contact phone number?
S: Sure. It’s 03-5706-7878.
T: That’s 03-5705-7878?
S: Yes, that’s right.
T: Okay, we look forward to seeing you next Tuesday.
S: Thank you.
T: Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

H04
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in New York. You are responsible for ordering office supplies. The office printer ran out of ink and you had to order it urgently. The vendor changed his delivery schedule so he can bring the printer ink to your office the same day. Thank him for his quick service.
MODEL: T: Hello, Mr. Suzuki?
S: Yes. I’m Taro Suzuki.
T: This is James from Office Goods. I have arrived at your office. I have your printer ink.
S: Oh James. Of course. Please come in.
T: Thank you... So here is the order you requested. As promised, I brought it as fast as I could.
S: Thank you, James. We must print these documents quickly. This helps us a lot.
T: No problem. Is there anything else you need?
S: No, that’s it. Thanks again.
T: No problem. Okay, then I’ll get going. Goodbye.
S: Goodbye James. Have a great day.
T: Thank you. You, too.

H05
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Honolulu. You are responsible for checking the consulate’s accounts each month. You received a bank statement for an account held at a local bank. The statement shows a withdrawal of $500 that you have no record of. Call the bank and ask what time the transaction happened, and whether it was an ATM withdrawal or over the counter.
MODEL: T: Hello. Bank of Hawaii. How can I help you?
S: Hello. I work for the Japanese consulate. I want to check a bank account statement.
T: I see. Do you have the account information with you?
S: Yes, I have the bank book. The account number is 011-12378.
T: Thank you. What is the problem?
S: Someone took out 500 dollars. It was made three days ago. Please tell me what time and where it happened.
T: I see. Let me check.
S: Okay.
T: Okay, so that transaction happened via an ATM after the bank closed. It happened at 8:05 pm on November 5. The ATM is on Lyons Street in Waikiki.
S: I see. Thank you. Can I check? You said November 5 at 8:05pm. And the ATM is on Lyons Street. Is that right?
T: That’s correct.
S: Thank you.
T: You’re welcome.
S: Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

H06
PROMPT_EN: You receive a phone call from a colleague in the US. He is planning a trip to Japan and will visit you. In the phone call, confirm his travel information, and the schedule for your first meeting. If necessary, give directions to your office.
MODEL: S: Hello. Taro Suzuki speaking.
T: Taro, it’s John. How are you?
S: Hello John. I’m good, thanks. How are you?
T: I’m good too. I’m calling to share my travel information with you.
S: Great. When will you arrive?
T: I’ll arrive in Tokyo next Tuesday at 10am, on flight JK456.
S: I see. Do you want me to meet you at the airport?
T: No, I know Tokyo very well. I’ll be fine. I’ll check into the hotel first, and then go to your office. Can we meet at 3pm?
S: 3pm? Yes, that will be fine. Do you know where we are?
T: I know you are near Kasumigaseki Station, but I am not too sure exactly where.
S: Sorry. Can you say that again?
T: Sorry
T: That’s great. I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday.
S: Me too.
T: Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

H07
PROMPT_EN: You are visiting the consulate in Brisbane. It’s lunchtime and you are in a local Italian restaurant. Order your lunch, and a drink. Also, ask the waiter if you can pay by credit card and get a receipt.
MODEL: T: Good afternoon, welcome to Trattoria Italiana. How can I assist you?
S: Hello. Can I Have the spaghetti carbonara, please.
T: Sure, would you like anything to drink with that?
S: Yes, I'll have a glass of sparkling water, please.
T: Alright, one spaghetti carbonara and a glass of sparkling water. Is that it?
S: Yes, that’s correct.
T: Is there anything else I can get for you?
S: No, that's all, thank you. Also, can I pay by credit card and get a receipt?
T: Yes, of course. We accept credit card payments, and I'll make sure to provide you with a receipt. Your total will be $15.50.
S: Great, thank you.
T: You're welcome. Your meal will be ready shortly.
S: Thank you.

H08
PROMPT_EN: You are visiting the consulate in Toronto from Japan, on business. The staff in the consulate have arranged a small welcoming dinner for you at a nearby restaurant. You are sitting next to one of the local staff. Ask her about her job, and what she does in her free time.
MODEL: T: Hello, welcome to Toronto! I'm Emily, one of the local staff members here at the consulate. It's great to have you here, Taro.
S: Hi Emily, nice to meet you. Thank you for arranging this dinner. It all looks great. So, what do you do at the embassy?
T: Well, my role involves assisting with various administrative tasks at the consulate, such as processing visa applications and organizing events. I also work closely with Japanese businesses in Toronto, providing support for their operations and helping them navigate local regulations.
S: It sounds interesting. I'm here for a few days. What can I do on the weekend?
T: On weekends, I like to explore the city and discover new restaurants. Toronto has a vibrant food scene, and I enjoy trying out different cuisines. I also enjoy outdoor activities like hiking and biking when the weather is nice.
S: That's great. Toronto seems like a wonderful place to explore…

H09
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in Los Angeles. A visitor calls to inquire about transportation options from the airport to their hotel in downtown LA. They need clear instructions on how to reach their destination using public transportation. Provide them with the necessary information. The visitor has come to Los Angeles for a meeting at the consulate.
MODEL: S: Good morning, Japanese Consulate in Los Angeles. How can I assist you?
T: Hello. This is John Addams. I have a meeting at the consulate tomorrow. I just arrived at LAX airport and I need to get to my hotel in downtown LA. I’m sorry, but I don’t know LA very well, and I don’t know anyone in the city. Can you help me with directions using public transportation?
S: Of course. Which terminal are you currently at?
T: I'm at Terminal 2.
S: Great. You'll need to take the FlyAway bus from Terminal 2 to Union Station. The bus stop is located outside the terminal. The bus runs every 30 minutes, and the fare is $9. From Union Station, you can take the Metro Red Line to Pershing Square station, which is closest to your hotel. The fare for the Metro is $1.75. Does that help?
T: Yes, thank you! That's very helpful.
S: You're welcome. Have a pleasant stay in Los Angeles!
T: Thank you, goodbye.

H10
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in Chicago. Your colleague calls to inform you that a scheduled meeting with a delegation from Japan is delayed due to flight delays. You need to receive the message, confirm the new arrival time, and relay this information to the consul general.
MODEL: S: Japanese Consulate in Chicago. How can I assist you?
T: Hello Taro. It’s John, John Addams from the consulate. I'm calling to let you know that the delegation's flight from Tokyo is delayed due to bad weather. They will now arrive at 10 o'clock instead of 9.
S: Thank you for informing me, John. Did you say the new arrival time is 10 o'clock?
T: Yes, that's correct.
S: Alright, I'll pass this information on to the consul-general. Thank you.
T: You're welcome. Bye.

G01
PROMPT_EN: You received a phone call for your boss. Your boss is on a business trip overseas and coming back to the office the day after tomorrow. Let the caller know and ask if he or she would like to leave a message.
MODEL: (The telephone rings.)
S: Hello. First North America Division. Ryuta Sakamoto speaking.
T: Hello. Could I speak with Mr. Samuel Addams, please?
S: Can I have your name, please?
T: This is John Anderson, from The Free Water project.
S: I’m sorry. Mr. Addams is on a business trip. He will return tomorrow. Can I take a message?
T: I will send him an email. Please ask him to check it when he has time.
S: Yes, Mr. Anderson. I will ask him to check your email tomorrow.
T: Thank you. Have a nice day.
S: Thank you, Mr. Anderson. You too. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

G02
PROMPT_EN: Your boss and one other staff member are going to New York on a business trip. Contact a travel agent and reserve a hotel room. You want a non-smoking room for each person, and they prefer to have rooms on different floors. They will check in to the hotel around 10 p.m. as they need to go to a business dinner directly from the airport. Tell the staff their check-in time will be around 10 p.m.
MODEL: T: Good morning. Hilton Midtown Hotel. This is Shawna speaking. How may I help you?
S: Good morning. I want to book two rooms, please.
T: Certainly. When will you be checking-in?
S: September 17.
T: And how long will you stay?
S: Until September 22.
T: I see. Do you have any requests?
S: Can I have non-smoking rooms, please?
T: All our rooms are non-smoking.
S: I see. And can I have different floors, please?
T: Do you mean you want each room on a different floor?
S: Yes, that’s right.
T: Please wait a moment while I check our room availability.
S: Okay.
T: Okay, we have two single rooms available for five nights each on different floors, checking in on September the 17th, and checking out on the 22nd. Because you are staying five nights, we can include breakfast for both guests at no extra charge.
S: Oh, good. The guests will arrive around 10 p.m. on the 17th. Is that okay?
T: Yes, that’s fine. Guests can check-in at any time.
S: Great.
T: Could I have the name of the guests and the payment information please?
S: Yes. It’s… (The caller gives the information).
T: Thank you for your call. We will send a confirmation email immediately. Please check the information and let us know if you need anything else.
S: Thank you. I’ll do that. Have a nice day.
T: Thank you. Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

G03
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in London. You ordered food for a social event on Saturday (it’s now Wednesday). You expected the food to arrive yesterday. Call the vendor and inquire about the delivery schedule.
MODEL: T: Good afternoon. Jennings Catering. This is Chris Jennings.
S: Hello. This is Taro Suzuki at the Japanese embassy.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. What can I do for you?
S: We ordered food from your company two weeks ago. The food is for an event this Saturday.
T: Yes, that’s right. Is there a problem?
S: We thought the food would come yesterday. But it didn’t.
T: Really? That seems a little early. Let me check.
S: Okay.
T: I’m sorry. There seems to have been a misunderstanding. According to my schedule, the food will arrive tomorrow.
S: I see.
T: Is that okay?
S: Yes. I just wanted to check.
T: I see. Okay. We will get the food to you tomorrow before lunchtime.
S: Thank you.
T: No problem. See you tomorrow.
S: Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

G04
PROMPT_EN: You work in the embassy in Boston. You are supporting a reception for local businesspeople. Your role is to greet guests at the door, guide them to the reception room, and answer any questions. A guest arrives and asks you where he can find the staff member responsible for arranging the reception. Give the guest the name of the person, a brief physical description, and his or her current location.
MODEL: S: Hello. Are you here for the reception?
T: Yes, I am.
S: Okay, the reception is in the Hiramoto Dining Room. It’s on the second floor. Please take the stairs.
T: Actually, I’d like to say thank you to Mr. Ono for inviting me, but I have never met him. Can you tell me what he looks like?
S: Certainly. He is about 175 centimeters tall. He has grey hair and wears glasses. He will be wearing a name tag. He is in the dining room now.
T: I see. Sorry, can you tell me again, where is the dining room?
S: It’s the Hiramoto Dining Room, on the second floor, and on the left side.
T: I see. Thank you.
S: You’re welcome.

G05
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Los Angeles. A guest from Japan arrived yesterday. Call a driver and ask him to pick up the guest from his hotel and bring him back to the consulate for a meeting. Answer any questions the driver may have about the route to the hotel and back to the consulate.
MODEL: T: Hello. This is Joel.
S: Hello Joel. This is Taro Suzuki.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. How are you?
S: I’m good thanks. Joel. I need you to pick up a guest.
T: Okay. Can you give me the information?
S: Sure. His name is Taro Sato. He is staying at the Intercontinental. He’s in Room 405.
T: I see. Should I bring him back here?
S: Yes please. We have a meeting a 1pm.
T: I see. The time’s quite tight. The traffic on the roads today is quite heavy. There is construction on the main local road.
S: I see. What’s the fastest way?
T: Well, I can take the highway. We will have to pay the highway toll.
S: That’s fine. Please do so. Can you bring him here by 1pm?
T: Yes, if I can take the highway it should be fine.
S: Great. If you have any problems, please call here.
T: I’ll do that.
S: Thank you, Joel.
T: No problem.

G06
PROMPT_EN: You will meet with a local catering company about catering an embassy event. It is your first time to meet. Before the meeting starts, greet your counterparts, introduce yourself and thank them for attending the meeting.
MODEL: S: Hello, Mr. Andrews?
T: Yes, I am John Andrews.
S: Hello Mr. Andrews. I’m Taro Suzuki. Thank you for coming to the embassy today.
T: It’s not a problem. I’m happy to be here.
S: Your office is on the other side of town, right?
T: Yes, that’s right.
S: How was the traffic?
T: A little busy, but not too bad.
S: Okay, let’s go to the meeting room.
T: Sure.
S: Please follow me.

G07
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Calgary. You asked a driver to pick up a visitor from her hotel, but the driver is now stuck in traffic and will be late. He is calling you to ask for advice. Discuss the options with the driver and tell him what he must do.
MODEL: T: Hello Tomo. This is Andre.
S: Hello Andre. How are you?
T: I’m okay. But I’m stuck in traffic. I’m going to be late picking up Ms Sato from her hotel. What should I do.
S: Where are you now?
T: I’m about 5km from the hotel, but there’s a traffic jam and I have not moved in the last 20 minutes.
S: I see. When will you get to the hotel?
T: I don’t know. It could take another 30 to 45 minutes.
S: Oh, I see. Okay. I will call Ms Sato. We will change the meeting schedule. Please call me again when you arrive at the hotel.
T: Okay, I will do that. Thank you for your help.

G08
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Miami. You and other consulate staff are attending a dinner for a local charity. One of the charity organizers sits next to you during the meal. Ask him questions about the charity, and the plan for the next year.
MODEL: S: How long have you worked with Direct Relief, Mr. Anderson?
T: It’s been five years now. And please, call me John.
S: Okay, John. 5 years? What do you do there?
T: I’m responsible for creating new opportunities.
S: That sounds interesting. What does that involve?
T: I liaise with businesses across the country to develop partnerships. I work to get donations from businesses, while at the same time creating positive PR for them, which they can use to promote their businesses.
S: I see. It sounds like hard work. Do you have to travel a lot?
T: Yes. I’m usually on the road. I travel most of the year, but I like to stay home in winter.
S: That makes sense. And how has this year been for your charity?
T: We’ve had a good year. We hit our donations target in early November, so we’re going to finish the year a little over our targets.
S: That’s good to hear.
T: Thank you.

G09
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in Houston. A colleague from another consulate calls to inquire about your daily routine and habits. Answer their questions about your typical workday, including tasks you handle and your regular schedule.
MODEL: S: Japanese Consulate in Houston, how may I help you?
T: Hi, this is John Addams from the consulate in Los Angeles. I'm participating in a cultural exchange at a high school. I have been asked to give a presentation on the daily life of a diplomat. Can you tell me about your typical workday?
S: Sure. It's fairly typical. I usually start my day by checking emails and handling administrative tasks. Then, I assist visitors with inquiries and process documents. In the afternoon, I attend meetings and prepare reports. My workday typically ends around 5 p.m.
T: Thank you for sharing. Do you have any routines or habits you follow that help you stay productive?
S: Yes, I make sure to take short breaks throughout the day to stay refreshed and focused. I also prioritize tasks based on their urgency.
T: That's helpful. Thank you for your time.
S: You're welcome. Let me know if you need more information.
T: I will. Goodbye.

G10
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese consulate in Miami. A colleague from another consulate calls to inquire about your pastimes and past activities during weekends. Answer their questions about your hobbies, interests, and any activities you've done recently.
MODEL: S: Japanese Consulate in Miami, how can I assist you?
T: Hi Taro, It’s John Addams from the consulate in San Francisco. Listen. I’m thinking of planning a trip to Miami, and I thought we could meet but I don’t know much about Miami. What’s good to do there? Can you share some insights?
S: Sure. I enjoy spending time outdoors, so I often go to the beach for swimming or sunbathing. I also like exploring local parks and going for walks. Recently, I visited the Miami Art Museum and attended a salsa dancing class.
T: That sounds fantastic! Do you have any other suggestions?
S: Yes, I also like trying new restaurants and cafes in the area. Miami has a vibrant food scene, so there's always something new to discover.
T: Thank you for sharing. I'll definitely check out some of those activities during my trip. I’ll contact you when I decide the dates.
S: You're welcome. Let me know if you need more recommendations.
T: I will. Have a great day!
S: You too. Goodbye.

F01
PROMPT_EN: You are looking for an apartment. You found a place you are interested in on a real estate agent’s website. Contact the real estate agent and tell him or her that you would like to see the apartment. You want to see a couple of other apartments, too. Tell the agent what kind of apartment you are looking for and ask for his or her recommendations.
MODEL: T: Sydney Real Estate. Bob Jones speaking. How may I help you?
S: Hello. My name is Taro Suzuki. I recently moved to Sydney, and I am looking for an apartment. I saw your website and found a place I’m interested in. I want to arrange an appointment to see the apartment, and two or three others you can recommend.
T: Okay, Mr. Suzuki. First, can you tell me what kind of place you are looking for?
S: Sure. I am looking for a one-bedroom apartment close to a train station. I want a place close to the city centre. I can spend around two thousand dollars a month.
T: Okay. We have a few places that match your needs. Are you free this weekend to see them?
S: Yes, I am free Saturday afternoon.
T: Great. I’ll send you an email with links to the apartment information and the meeting information. Could I have your email address please?
S: Sure. It’s t.suzuki@mofa.go.jp.
T: Thank you. I’ll send you an email today. I look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
S: Thank you. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

F02
PROMPT_EN: You work in the Accounting Department at a diplomatic mission abroad. You have been asked to report the cost of child education costs to the Japan head office. You need to contact both international schools and local schools to check the education costs and the number of Japanese students at the schools.
MODEL: T: Hello, Myrtle High School.
S: Hello, this is Hikari Sato from the Accounting Department at the Consulate-General of Japan. May I speak to Ms. Malone, please?
T: Yes, speaking. How may I help you?
S: I am calling schools in the area to write a report on school costs for Japanese children last year.
T: Ok. Hold on for a minute while I search for the file (short pause) …okay, here we are.
S: How many Japanese students are there in your school?
T: We have fourteen students who are Japanese citizens.
S: Great, thank you. Can you send me a list of all their costs by e-mail? For example, school fees, travel costs, etc.
T: Sure, what is your email address?
S: It’s h.sato@mb.mofa.go.jp
T: Ok, please let me confirm. That’s h-dot-s-a-t-o-at-mofa-dot-go-dot-jp.
S: That’s right.
T: Thank you very much, I will email you shortly after talking with the principal. Is there anything else I can help you with?
S: No, you have been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
T: You’re welcome. Goodbye.

F03
PROMPT_EN: You work in the Public Diplomacy Department at a diplomatic mission abroad. You are arranging a dinner party on behalf of the ambassador who wants to develop ties with local business leaders. Call and invite local business leaders to the party. Get any additional necessary information.
MODEL: S: Hello, this is Misaki Takahashi from the Japanese Embassy. I work in the Public Diplomacy Department. Ambassador Takahashi wants to invite your General Manager, Mr. Lee, to a dinner party.
T: Thank you for the invitation. Mr. Lee will be very happy when I tell him. May I ask what this party is in regard to?
S: Yes, the Ambassador wants to have good relationships with local business leaders. He wants to meet local businesspeople.
T: I see. When will this dinner be held?
S: It will be on the fourth of August at 7 p.m. Will Mr. Lee be able to attend?
T: Thank you. Let me check his schedule. Yes, he is available.
S: Thank you. Also, he can bring his partner or friends. Please tell us who will come with him.
T: Okay, I will do so after I collect all the information.
S: Great, can you send me information by email?
T: Yes, I can. Could I have your email address?
S: Sure, it’s t.misaki@cb.mofa.go.jp.
T: Ok, could I confirm? That’s t-dot-m-i-s-a-k-i-at-c-b-dot-mofa-dot-go-jp?
S: That’s right.
T: Thank you very much. I will send you an e-mail shortly with the details.
S: Thank you.

F04
PROMPT_EN: A new local staff member will be hired. You will interview the applicants. Conduct an interview.
MODEL: S: Hello Mr. Adams. Thank you very much for coming to this interview today.
T: Thank you very much for asking me to come in.
S: I read your resume last weekend. Please give me a brief summary of your career experience.
T: Sure. I was a Housing Specialist at a company called IHS, the Institute for Human Services. I did this for nearly five years.
S: I see. What exactly did you do there?
T: Certainly. I helped our homeless applicants find housing. I specialized in assessing each person’s situation in order to provide tailored housing solutions for them.
S: Thank you for sharing that. And what do you know about Japanese business, and Japanese people?
T: I understand Japanese embrace a group mentality and look to their superiors for approval before making decisions.
S: I think you have a good understanding of Japanese culture.
T: Thank you. I’m very interested in Japan and Japanese culture.
S: Okay, so that’s all we need for today. Again, thank you for coming in for this interview. We will contact you soon to let you know the result.
T: Thank you very much for your time. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
S: Let me walk with you to the elevator.

F05
PROMPT_EN: You work in the Japanese embassy in Sydney. You have received an enquiry asking how to apply for a tourist visa. Tell the person she needs to submit visa application documents along with her application form. Answer any questions she may ask.
MODEL: T: Hello. I would like to know how to apply for a tourist visa.
S: Hello. First, please make an appointment at your local Japanese consulate.
T: I see. May I ask what documents are needed?
S: Sure. Please bring your passport. Also, please bring the visa application form.
T: Is there a fee? What does it cost?
S: Yes, there is a small fee. It’s 3,000 Japanese yen. About 30 US dollars. The information is on our website.
T: I see. How can I make an appointment?
S: You can do it on the website. Also, the website has a tourist visa form. Please complete it and print it out. There is also a helpful FAQ.
T: I see. Thank you for your help.
S: No problem. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

F06
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Japanese embassy in Sydney. A newspaper wasn’t delivered this morning. Ask a senior local staff member to have it delivered as soon as possible.
MODEL: S: Excuse me, John.
T: Yes, Mr. Sakamoto. What can I do for you?
S: Can you do me a favor?
T: Sure. What is it?
S: This morning’s newspaper hasn’t arrived yet.
T: I see.
S: Please call the news agency. I want them to deliver it ASAP. There’s some important information in it. I need to check it asap.
T: Certainly. I’ll do it straight away.
S: Thanks John.
T: No problem.

F07
PROMPT_EN: You work at the embassy in Belarus. A local businessman has invited your boss to a dinner party next Saturday. Your boss already has a commitment on the date of the party. Call the businessman and politely reject his invitation.
MODEL: T: Hello. This is Alexsandr Adamovich.
S: Hello Mr. Adamovich. This is Taro Suzuki at the Japanese embassy.
T: Yes, Mr. Suzuki. What can I do for you?
S: We received your invitation to Mr. Hashimoto for dinner next Saturday.
T: Good. I look forward to talking with him.
S: I’m sorry but Mr. Hashimoto cannot attend. He already has another appointment at that time. In fact, he will be out of the country.
T: I see. That is a shame. I hope I can get the chance to talk with him soon. When will he come back?
S: He is away on business. He is not yet sure when he can come back.
T: I see. Well, when he comes back. Please ask him to contact me.
S: I see. I will pass on the message when he returns.
T: Thank you.
S: Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

F08
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Seattle. You are having a meeting about the staff schedule. A local staff is sick, and his work for the next few days needs to be covered by the other staff. Discuss the schedule options and choose the best one.
MODEL: T: Hello Taro. Thanks for joining me this morning.
S: No problem.
T: I think you have probably already heard that John is sick and he won’t be able to come to work for the next few days.
S: Yes. I heard. I hope he gets better soon.
T: Yes, of course. We all do. At the same time though, we need to make sure his work is covered.
S: I see.
T: So, this morning I would like to talk about the options. As far as I can see, there aren’t many.
S: Well, no, I guess not. I mean, there are just four staff in the consulate section. So, the three of us will have to take on his work.
T: Yes, that’s right. How do you want to handle it?
S: Well, I can do the back-end visa processing. However, I already have a lot of appointments over the next week. So, I can’t meet the visa applicants.
T: Okay, well let me talk to Satomi. I think she could do that.
S: Great.
T: And what about the other admin tasks he usually does?
S: He helps with checking invoice payments each month. But I think Adam can do that this month. He has done it before.
T: Oh, okay. I’ll talk with him about it.
S: No problem. Is there anything else?
T: No. I think that’s it.
S: Okay. If you need any more help, let me know.
T: Thanks. I’ll do that.

F09
PROMPT_EN: You ordered paper for the office photocopier from a local vendor but the delivery is a week late. This is the third time the vendor has not delivered on time. Contact them and complain about the late delivery.
MODEL: T: Good morning. Thank you for calling Paper Supplies. This is John. How may I help you?
S: Hello John. My name is Taro Suzuki. I work at the Embassy of Japan here in Toronto. I’m calling about an order we made with your company.
T: I see. How can I help?
S: Well, we were told the paper would be delivered yesterday, but it still hasn’t arrived.
T: I see. Do you know the order number?
S: Yes, it’s 181-485-632
T: Thank you. Okay, I’ll check the system…. Yes. I see the order there. And you are correct, it’s late. According to the schedule, it will be leaving the company today. You will receive it later this afternoon.
S: Okay, well that’s fine. However, this is the third time we have had a late delivery in the last six months. It’s usually okay because we always order supplies well before we run out, but we want to work with reliable business partners.
T: Yes, I understand. I’m very sorry for the delay with the delivery.
S: Okay, but if it happens again, I think we will look for another supplier.
T: Again, I’m very sorry. I will talk with my manager about it and see what we can do to improve the situation.
S: I think that is a good idea.
T: Thank you for your time. If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to call me directly. My name is John Acostas.
S: Okay John. I’ll do that.
T: Have a nice day.
S: Thank you. You too.
T: Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

F10
PROMPT_EN: You are looking for a new supplier of paper products for your office. You have looked online at local suppliers. Contact one of them and ask some questions about their products, prices, and delivery schedules.
MODEL: T: Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Papers and Pens. How can I help you today?
S: Hello. This is Taro Suzuki. I work at the Embassy of Japan here in Toronto.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. What can I do for you today?
S: We are looking for a new paper supplier. I looked at your website yesterday and I have a few questions.
T: Certainly. What would you like to know?
S: Well, there are a couple of things. I have looked at your price list online, and your prices are competitive.
T: Thank you.
S: I want to know what your terms of payment are.
T: Sure. We ask our customers to pay the full invoice amount within 30 days of delivery.
S: I see. That seems standard.
T: Yes, I think so too.
S: Okay. How about your delivery schedule? We have had some problems with our current supplier not delivering on time.
T: I see. We guarantee next-day delivery anywhere in Toronto if the order is placed by 11am. We have two factories, and a number of stores across the city, so it’s usually no problem.
S: I see. Well, that sounds very good.
T: Thank you.
S: Finally, where do you get your paper from?
T: Ninety percent of our product is locally produced.
S: That sounds perfect. Okay. Let me talk to my manager. We have a meeting today. I would like to recommend your company. If we can work with you, I will contact you again.
T: Thank you very much. If you would like some samples of our product, or if you would like one of our representatives to visit you to explain our products to you, we would be happy to send someone.
S: Thank you. I will call you again after the meeting.
T: Well good luck with your meeting.
S: Thank you. Have a nice day.
T: You too.
S: Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

E01
PROMPT_EN: A big conference is going to be held soon. You need office space for preparation. Reserve a hotel room for this purpose and ask the staff to prepare 8 long tables, 24 office chairs, 2 photocopiers, 4 printers, and 8 telephones. If there are other things you think you will need, ask the hotel staff to prepare them too. You need to rent these items for three weeks. Ask the staff to list each item in the estimate.
MODEL: T: Good morning. Thank you for calling the Grand Hyatt Hotel, Melbourne. How may I help you?
S: Hello. My name is Taro Suzuki. I work in the General Affairs Department of the Embassy of Japan in Canberra. We will send some staff to a conference in Melbourne in September, and we need meeting space.
T: I see.
S: I’d like to book a meeting room at your hotel for twenty people, and also order some office machines and furniture.
T: Certainly, sir. What dates will you need the meeting room?
S: We will need it for three weeks from the beginning of September. The exact dates are Monday, September 2 to Friday, September 20.
T: I see. You also said you will need some office equipment and furniture. What would you like us to prepare for you?
S: We need eight long tables and twenty-four office chairs. We also need two copy machines, four printers and eight phones.
T: Okay, let me confirm all the details by email.
S: Sure. That would be fine. Could you also send me an estimate with all the details?
T: Certainly. Could I have your email address please?
S: It’s t.suzuki@cb.mofa.go.jp.
T: Okay. We will send you the estimate today.
S: Thank you. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

E02
PROMPT_EN: A photocopier in the office jams very often. In addition, there are unnecessary lines when copying. Contact the support centre and ask them to send a repairman. Ask for an estimated cost to repair the machine, and how long it will take to repair. If the repair will take some time, ask if you can use an alternative photocopier for free.
MODEL: T: Hello, Ricoh Support Centre. This is Miriam. How may I help you?
S: Hello. My name is Ryo Sato. I work for the Consulate General of Japan. The photocopier in our office is broken. It’s printing extra lines every time I make a copy. Can you send someone to fix it?
T: Yes, certainly. May I know your service contract number, make and model number of the photocopier?
S: Yes, it is the RICOH MP C6503 and the contract number is AB431D.
T: Okay, Mr. Sato. We will send someone over tomorrow morning to do an inspection. If the photocopier needs to be repaired, it may take a week.
S: I see. How much will it cost?
T: The inspection fee is fifty dollars. If the copier needs to be repaired, the costs are covered by your service contract.
S: Thank you. Can we get a replacement for now? We need a photocopier at all times.
T: Certainly, we will provide a replacement if necessary, after the inspection.
S: Thank you.

E03
PROMPT_EN: You were informed by residence staff that there is a stain on a wall in one of the buildings. It is possible that water is seeping from a pipe inside the wall. Ask the local staff in the Repair Division to contact a plumber. Ask him or her to make sure the plumber sends you an estimate first.
MODEL: S: Hello. May I speak to Mr. Ron James from the Repair Division?
T: Hello, yes, this is Ron James.
S: Hello Mr. James. This is Taro Suzuki from the Maintenance Division. Residence staff told me there is a stain on a wall in one of the rooms. Perhaps, a water pipe is broken inside the wall. Can you call a plumber?
T: Okay. When would you like the plumber to come?
S: As soon as possible, please. Also, before you ask them to send someone, please get an estimate first? We need to check the cost.
T: Ok, I will do so and confirm with you first before I ask them to come.
S: That’s great. Thank you.
T: No problem.

E04
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Cape Town. You have received a phone call from someone who has applied for a student visa. They were told it will take four weeks to process the visa, but it is now six weeks and the visa has not arrived. Listen to the complaint, apologize, and tell them what you can do.
MODEL: S: Hello. This is the consular section.
T: Hello. This is Titus Potgeiter.
S: Hello Mr. Potgeiter What can I do for you?
T: I applied for a student visa for Japan. I submitted the application almost six weeks ago. I have not yet received the visa.
S: Okay. I will check our records... Okay. I see your application. Everything was done correctly.
T: That’s right. I submitted all the required documents.
S: Okay. Student visa applications take about four weeks. They can sometimes take longer. I’m sorry for the delay.
T: I expected the visa would have arrived by now. I am expected at my college in Tokyo in two weeks, and I have already booked my flight.
S: I see. I understand the situation. All the documents were sent to immigration in Tokyo. They make the final decision.
T: I see. Can you let me know when I will get it?
S: I do not have an exact date. But I do not see a reason for the delay. Please wait a few more days. It should arrive soon.
T: Okay. Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

E05
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Chicago. In an effort to increase tourism to Japan, you are participating in an expo to promote travel to Japan during summer. Your booth focuses on summer festivals across Japan. Answer questions about Japanese summer festivals.
MODEL: S: Hello. Are you interested in Japanese summer festivals?
T: They look like fun. What’s it like in Japan in summer.
S: Well, summer is from early June until late August. It can get hot and very humid. It’s a great time to swim at the beach.
T: What are some famous summer activities?
S: Fireworks displays are common across Japan. But we have not had any for two years.
T: Why is that?
S: The coronavirus pandemic. We hope they will come back this year.
T: I see. So, what usually happens at a fireworks display?
S: Usually, many people go to a river or a lake. They can watch the fireworks there. And, it’s warm because it’s summer. So, many people wear traditional clothes called jinbei and yukata. They are light and cool.
T: Can you eat during a fireworks display?
S: Yes. There are many street stalls. They sell festival food. The event takes about an hour. After, many people eat dinner together.
T: It sounds fun.
S: It’s a popular summer event.
T: Thanks.
S: Thank you for your time.

E06
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in New York. Next month some visitors will come from Japan to attend an international conference. You need to choose a convenient and comfortable hotel for them. Discuss the options with a local staff member and consider the priorities (access to public transportation, restaurants and shops, hotel facilities, etc.). At the end of the discussion, choose the best hotel.
MODEL: S: Excuse me, Rosario?
T: Yes, Mr. Suzuki. What can I do for you?
S: I need your help with something. Next month, we are going to receive some visitors from Tokyo and we need to book their hotel rooms. Would you be able to help me with this?
T: Sure. Where will they stay?
S: Well, we have to decide. Where do you think is best?
T: What’s the budget?
S: Well, we have a budget of 300 dollars per night per person. There will be two visitors staying in separate rooms.
T: I see. So that’s a mid-range hotel. Do they need to be close to the consulate?
S: Yes, that would be preferred.
T: I see. Well, I can think of two options. There’s the Intercontinental and the Hilton. Both are reasonable in terms of the facilities and location.
S: Which one has better access to public transport? They will need to get around by themselves for some of the time.
T: Well, that’s probably the Hilton. It’s right near the subway and of course, there’s a long line of cabs just outside.
S: Okay then. Could you please book two rooms at the Hilton? I’ll send you an email with their names, dates, and flight details.
T: Sure. I’ll send you the confirmation from the hotel after I make the reservation.
S: Thank you.
T: No problem.

E07
PROMPT_EN: You work at the embassy in Canberra. Each year, the Japanese government sponsors one Australian to study in Japan to promote Japan-Australia exchange. A selection committee was held to choose this year’s student. There were three final candidates: Candidate 1 visited Japan briefly with family five years ago and studied Japanese in high school. Candidate 2 also studied Japanese in high school and has an aunt in Kumamoto married to a Japanese man. Candidate 3 has not studied Japanese formally, but her grandmother is Japanese, and she has family in Ishikawa. The committee selected Candidate 2.
MODEL: T: Okay, Taro. Please share the result of the committee meeting.
S: Sure. After two selection rounds we ended up with three candidates. All of them were promising.
T: Please tell us about them.
S: Okay, the first was David Petersen. He has been to Japan before. He went on a trip with his family to Tokyo and Kyoto about five years ago. Because of that, he decided to study Japanese in high school.
T: How is his Japanese?
S: It’s okay, but he needs more practice.
T: I see. Who was the second candidate?
S: That was Andrew McDermott. He also has a connection to Japan. His aunt is married to a Japanese man and they live together in Kumamoto. Andrew also studied Japanese in high school. His communication ability is a little better than David’s.
T: I see. And the third candidate?
S: That was Sarah Coleman. She has not really formally studied Japanese but she can speak it. Her grandmother is Japanese and she has family in Ishikawa prefecture.
T: I see. So, what was the decision?
S: Well, actually all of the committee members agreed that Andrew McDermott would be in the best position to make the most of his time here due to his communication skills and the support he can get from his aunt. He also interviewed very well. So, the committee decided we should offer him the position.
T: Okay. Thanks for sharing the result.
S: No problem.

E08
PROMPT_EN: You work in the embassy in Melbourne. You are attending an embassy party celebrating obon. One of the party guests, an Australian citizen, asks you to tell her what obon is. Explain your own understanding of obon. Make sure to include a general statement describing obon, and your own experience. Importantly, give your own opinion about the holiday.
MODEL: T: Hello, Taro. It’s good to see you.
S: Oh, hi there Angela. Thank you for coming to the party.
T: Thanks for inviting me. You know I always love the events the embassy puts on.
S: And we are very happy to see you here each time.
T: So, today’s party is a celebration of ‘obon’, right?
S: Yes, that’s right. Do you know ‘obon’?
T: I think I’ve heard of it. Doesn’t it have something to do with ancestors?
S: Yes, that’s right. Every year, around this time, we welcome our ancestors back to visit us for the obon period. It’s a Buddhist custom and it’s a time for family to come together.
T: What does that involve?
S: Well, many people return to their home town and go to and visit their deceased relatives’ graves. We usually clean the graves.
T: Is that what you do?
S: For my family, it usually means we all get together for a few days. My grandfather passed away a couple of years ago, so we will go to the cemetery and clean his grave together.
T: It sounds like a nice tradition.
S: It is. Obon is celebrated at different times in Japan, but it’s usually sometime between the middle of July and early September. In Japan there are some festivals, called bon matsuri, and a special dance, called bon-odori which is a celebration of our ancestors. In fact, I think we will see some bon-odori tonight.
T: Oh, that sounds like fun. I’m looking forward to it.
S: Great. I hope you will join in. I don’t see my family often, so it’s nice to be able to go back to my hometown and see everyone. I think it’s one of my favorite holidays.
T: It sounds nice.
S: Yes, I think it is.

E09
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consulate in Johannesburg. You have planned a trip to the consulate in Cape Town to attend an important meeting there this coming Friday. However, your counterpart in Cape Town has asked to delay the meeting due to other internal issues. Explain to your counterpart why you think the meeting should not be delayed. Make sure you point out the reasons why any delay would be problematic.
MODEL: T: Hello. This is Adam Sanders speaking.
S: Hello Adam. It’s Taro here.
T: Oh, hi Taro. How’s things?
S: I’m good thanks. Listen, I’m calling about the trip to Cape Town on Friday.
T: Yes? What’s up?
S: Well, you have asked to delay the meeting.
T: Yes, that’s right. Is it a problem?
S: Actually, yes, I think it is.
T: Okay. Can you tell me why?
S: Sure. First of all, and most importantly, this meeting was scheduled a month ago. We have to prepare the quarterly report on the region and it has to be sent to Tokyo early next month. This meeting is important because we will decide much of the report content. Delaying the meeting will mean we have to rush the report to get it in on time.
T: I see. Yes, you’re right. I hadn’t considered that.
S: In addition to that, I have already booked my flight and hotel. If I cancel them at this late stage, I don’t think I will get all the money back.
T: I see. Okay, well let’s go ahead with the meeting as scheduled then. I will shift some appointments around here to make sure it can go ahead as planned.
S: Thank you. I appreciate that.
T: No problem. I’m looking forward to seeing you on Friday.
S: Me too. Have a good week.
T: You too Taro. Bye.
S: Goodbye Adam.

E10
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Chicago. The consulate has recently hired a new local staff member. As part of her training, you need to explain the visa application procedure so she can answer basic questions about visa applications to US citizens over the telephone.
MODEL: S: Good morning Fiona.
T: Good morning Taro. It’s nice to see you.
S: You too. How is your new job?
T: Good I think. There’s a lot to learn.
S: Yes, there is. Today, I will talk about the visa applications. You won’t do visa applications, but I want to give you some basic information. Then you can answer questions on the phone.
T: Okay, sure.
S: What do you know about visa applications?
T: Well, I know that we receive and process applications for visas to Japan.
S: That’s right.
T: And I know that there are different kinds of visas people can apply for.
S: Great. All the information is on our website. So please check it. Because of COVID, it’s important to have correct information. It often changes.
T: Sure.
S: We accept applications from US citizens, or non-US citizens with a green card. They must live in our area. So that’s people in Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Missouri, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota or Iowa.
T: Got it.
S: Please check the website for visa information. People can apply by mail or in person. They can also send another person if they cannot come here.
T: I see. How much does it cost to apply for a visa?
S: There are no visa fees for US citizens. You must have a passport, with two or more blank pages. You must complete the visa application form and sign it. Please also include a passport photo.
T: Got it.
S: Okay. I think that’s enough for now. Please read the website information. And we’ll talk again next week about the different visa types.

D01
PROMPT_EN: You work in the Accounting Department at a diplomatic mission abroad. A local staff member has requested his social insurance premium not to be deducted from his salary as he wants to pay it separately by himself. You need to tell him that you can’t approve his request as local staff social insurance premium must be paid by the mission to the authorities.
MODEL: T: Mr. Sakamoto? Could I have a word?
S: Certainly, Juan. How can I help you?
T: I want to talk with you about my social insurance.
S: Okay.
T: I would prefer to pay my social insurance myself instead of having it deducted from my salary. Is that possible?
S: I’m sorry, but that’s just not possible. Our policy requires all local staff’s insurance premiums to be directly deducted from their salary and paid directly to the appropriate authorities.
T: I see. Thanks anyway.
S: No problem. Let me know if you need anything else.
T: Okay.

D02
PROMPT_EN: You work in the consular office of a diplomatic mission abroad. The local police contacted you because they have arrested a Japanese national. Ask the police who they arrested, where and why he was arrested, and any required procedures. You will also need to arrange a meeting with the arrested Japanese national.
MODEL: S: Hello, Consulate General of Japan. This is Yuki Sakamoto speaking. How may I help you?
T: Hello, this is Sergeant Brian Ruina from the New York Police Department. I’m calling to let you know that we have arrested a Japanese national. He is now in our custody.
S: I see. May I ask the name of the person being detained and the reason for the arrest?
T: Yes, his name is Yusuke Kobayashi. He was charged with a DUI, which means he was driving under the influence of alcohol. He was visibly drunk when our police officer stopped him.
S: So just to confirm, that’s Mr. Yusuke Kobayashi, and he was arrested for a DUI. Where was the arrest made?
T: He was stopped by our police officer downtown on Broadway and Wall Street. We will need to keep him overnight.
S: I see. We would like to meet with Mr. Kobayashi. Could you inform me where he is being detained, and when we will be able to meet with him?
T: We’re located at 1 Police Plaza Path in Civic Centre, Manhattan. Is tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. okay?
S: Yes, that’s fine. We will send someone tomorrow.
T: Thank you. Goodbye.
S: Goodbye.

D03
PROMPT_EN: You are flying from Tokyo to New York. When you arrive at New York, one of your checked-in suitcases does not arrive. Go to the counter and explain that your suitcase has not arrived, describe the case and provide the luggage check-in slip to the staff. Answer any other necessary questions.
MODEL: T: Hello, sir. How may I help you.
S: Hi. I’ve been waiting at the baggage claim area and all the bags seem to have come off the plane. However, it looks like one of my bags has not arrived.
T: Okay. Was it checked luggage?
S: Yes. It was checked in at the counter in Narita airport before I boarded the plane.
T: Do you have the checked luggage tag?
S: Yes, I do. Here it is.
T: Thank you. Please wait a moment while I check.
S: Okay.
T: So, it says here you checked in two pieces of luggage yesterday at Narita Airport. Is that correct?
S: That’s right. As I said before, I checked it in before getting on the plane.
T: But only one bag is missing?
S: That’s right. I had a larger bag and a smaller bag. The smaller bag arrived, but the larger one didn’t for some reason.
T: I see. Please wait a moment while I make a phone call.
S: Okay.
T: Okay. So, it seems your other bag didn’t make it onto the flight. It is still at Narita Airport.
S: Why is that?
T: I’m sorry, sir. I wasn’t given a reason.
S: I see. So, what should I do? I need the contents of that bag. It has documents in it which are essential for an important meeting.
T: The bag will be put on the next flight. It will arrive the day after tomorrow as unclaimed luggage. We can send it to where you are staying after it passes customs.
S: I see. Well, that means it might arrive in time for my meeting. Good.
T: This is the unclaimed baggage form. Please write down your name, the address of your accommodation here in New York and a contact phone number. We will call you when your luggage arrives.
S: Okay, there is just one thing. The bag which did arrive does not have any toiletries and some clothing which I will need before the larger bag arrives. Can you help me with that?
T: Yes, we can. We can compensate you a total of 50 dollars.
S: I see. How do I claim that?
T: I will give you another form. Once you fill that out, we can provide the cash.
S: Okay, that would be great. Thank you.
T: No problem.

D04
PROMPT_EN: You work for the consulate in Brisbane. You have booked a flight to Sydney to attend an important meeting that starts tomorrow. The booking is for an economy class seat. When you arrive at the airport, you are informed that your flight has been cancelled. The staff tell you that the next available flight with an economy seat of equal value is tomorrow morning, which means you will miss the meeting. However, there is another flight this evening with a business class seat available. Explain your situation and request the seat on this evening’s flight but for a reduced cost.
MODEL: S: Excuse me.
T: Hello. How may I help you?
S: I’ve just arrived at the airport only to find out that my flight has been cancelled.
T: Okay. What flight were you on?
S: It was QA62 from Brisbane to Sydney, and scheduled to depart at 7pm.
T: That’s right. As you said, unfortunately the flight has been cancelled.
S: When is the next available flight?
T: Can I have your booking information?
S: Sure, here it is.
T: I see. Thank you. Please wait a moment while I check.
S: Okay.
T: So, you were booked on an economy seat. The next available economy seating going to Sydney departs tomorrow at 9:20am.
S: Hmmm. I have a meeting in Sydney tomorrow that I must attend. Do you not have any other option?
T: Well, there is another flight this evening leaving at 8pm however, all the seats are full.
S: Really? My meeting tomorrow is very important to me and I cannot reschedule it. Is there no other way for me to get to Sydney?
T: Well, there are still a few business class seats available on this evening’s flight.
S: That sounds expensive. What is the price difference?
T: I’m afraid it’s double the cost of the economy seat.
S: Wow, that’s incredibly expensive. Can you provide a discount?
T: Are you a frequent flyer? Maybe you can cover it with points.
S: Yes, I am actually. Here is my membership card.
T: Thank you. Okay, you do have enough points. Would you like take the business class seat?
S: Oh, that’s great. Yes please.
T: Okay, I have booked the business class seat on flight QA64 departing at 8pm this evening.
S: Thank you.
T: You’re welcome.

D05
PROMPT_EN: Next month you will change departments. You will have a meeting with your colleague who will take on one of your duties. Explain the duty in detail and give clear instructions. At the end, give extra advice on how to do the job well.
MODEL: S: Hello John. Are you ready for today?
T: Hi Taro. Sure. You’re going to explain the procedure for ordering paper, right?
S: That’s right. We deal with a provider of office supplies for all our office equipment needs. So, we need to ensure that we order through them, because we provide us with a discount.
T: Got it. Who’s the supplier?
S: It’s Office Goods Pty Ltd. I have their catalogue here, and I also have the business card of the person whom I deal with directly. His name is Andrew McCabe.
T: I see.
S: So, every month, usually at the beginning of the month, I first check the inventory and prepare an order based on what we have in stock.
T: Got it.
S: Our paper supplies, and ink, are kept in the cabinet next to the printer. That is also where I keep the order sheet. I have blank copies printed so I can keep a record of the orders, but all the actual ordering happens online.
T: I see.
S: We order enough boxes of A4 and A3 printer paper to last the month. We don’t experience that many changes month to month, so it’s pretty much the same order each time, but I like to keep some spare packs of paper just in case something comes up.
T: Okay.
S: We want to have 20 boxes of A4 and 15 boxes of A3 at the start of each month.
T: Got it. 20 A4, and 15 A3.
S: That’s right. Then, based on the number of boxes currently in stock, I place the order on the Office Goods website using our account. The account number is on the top of the order form, here, and the password is ‘officesupplies’, all one word, and all lower-case letters.
T: ‘officesupplies’. Got it.
S: After you submit the order, it usually arrives in about 3 days. That’s it.
T: It sounds pretty easy.
S: It is. I don’t think you’ll have a problem with it. But if you do, Beth also knows how to do it, so you can check with her.
T: Shall do. Thanks.
S: No problem.

D06
PROMPT_EN: You will participate in a meeting about working overtime. The management want to increase the number of overtime hours because there are fewer staff in the office. Give your opinion in the meeting, and clearly support it with reasons and when possible, strong supporting evidence.
MODEL: T: Okay, let’s begin. Thanks for coming everyone. As you would have read in the email, the purpose of today’s meeting is to decide whether we should increase the overtime hours to cover all the work we have to do in the next month. So, first I’d like to hear everyone’s opinions, and then we can move towards making a decision. Taro, can you go first?
S: Sure, I’d be happy to. So, let me just confirm one thing first: The idea is that we should increase the amount of allowed overtime, right? By that, I mean, we’re not forcing people to do additional overtime, we’re just changing the limits of what’s possible in the department? Is my understanding correct?
T: Yes, that’s right. Of course, we don’t want to force people to work long hours, but I think everyone understands that when there is a lot of work to do, we all need to pitch in and help.
S: Okay, so the current overtime limit is forty hours per month, or roughly ten hours a week, right?
T: Yes, that’s right.
S: Okay, in my opinion, that’s already quite a lot. I mean, it’s roughly an additional twenty-five percent of the standard forty-hour work week. So, I think we can increase, but not by much. I think fifty hours would be okay but I’m not sure about sixty. That would become an additional twenty hours a month, or a fifty-percent increase of the previous limit.
T: Yes, that’s true. However, even with some staff working 50-hour work weeks I don’t know if we can get all the work done.
S: Well, how about we see if we can borrow some staff from some departments which are not as busy at this time of year.
T: Hmmm. That’s a good suggestion. Let me look into it. Thanks for your input Taro.
S: No problem.
T: Okay, now, I’d like to move onto the next item on the agenda…

D07
PROMPT_EN: Recently your office ordered a small laser jet printer. However, since it arrived it has had problems: It jams almost every time you try to print an address on an envelope, and sometimes the ink smudges after it is printed. You want to return the printer. Contact the vendor, explain the situation. Request to return to the printer and negotiate a solution to the problem.
MODEL: T: Office Goods. This is James speaking. How may I help you?
S: Hello James. This is Taro Suzuki at the Japanese embassy.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. How are you today?
S: I’m fine thanks, James. I’m calling about the laser printer we ordered from your company last month.
T: Yes, I remember the order. Is everything okay.
S: Well, actually, we’re having problems with the printer.
T: I’m sorry to hear that. What seems to be the problem?
S: Since it arrived, it’s jammed almost every time we try to print address on envelopes. It seems it can’t feed the envelope properly through the machine. I’m not sure what’s causing it.
T: I see. So, looking at the order information here… You ordered the Canon imageCLASS laser printer.
S: That’s right. That was the recommended printer for our budget.
T: That model should be able to handle envelopes. Are they standard size envelopes?
S: Yes, they are.
T: I see. Are you having any other problems?
S: Actually, there is one other issue. Sometimes the ink smudges. It’s as if it hasn’t set. I don’t know much about printers, but I don’t think we need to wait for the ink to dry.
T: No, you certainly don’t. Hmmm. Okay, I’m sorry for the problems you’ve been having. How would you like me to address this?
S: Well, obviously we need to return the printer.
T: Of course. Would you like a refund or would you like us to replace it.
S: Honestly, I think it’s a problem with just this printer, so I’m happy to replace it.
T: Okay, we will send one out to you immediately. At the same time, we can collect the one you currently have in the office. In addition, we will credit your account 15% of the cost of the printer for the inconvenience.
S: Oh. Well, thank you. That’s very kind of you.
T: No problem at all. So, I’ve checked our inventory and we have a printer in stock. We can get it to you in two days. Is that okay.
S: Yes, that would be fine. Thanks for everything James.
T: No problem, Mr. Suzuki. Again, I’m sorry for the inconvenience. I hope you have a good day.
S: Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye.

D08
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Sydney and are organizing a dinner party for 30 people for a visiting Japanese dignitary. The event is scheduled for three weeks from now. Last week, a local staff member booked a restaurant at your request. Today, that staff member informed you that the restaurant has double booked and is asking to change the date. However, you have already sent invitations, and the dignitary’s schedule has been arranged around the dinner. Changing the date would cause significant inconvenience. Instruct the staff member to contact the restaurant and explore options. You are willing to adjust the time by an hour or two earlier, but not the date. You are also open to changing the location if the restaurant can help find an alternative of equal quality and price. If the new venue costs more, tell the restaurant they are expected to cover the difference.
MODEL: T: Good morning. John Anderson speaking.
S: Hello John. It’s Taro. I’m calling to talk with you about the dinner party next month. I’ve just read the email you sent me last night. I thought we should talk about it.
T: Right. Thanks for following up.
S: So, let me just confirm a few points first if that’s okay.
T: Sure.
S: From your email, I understand that the restaurant has made a double-booking, and they want us to reschedule the dinner party. Is that right?
T: Yes, exactly.
S: Okay, well I don’t think that would be possible. First of all, the invitations have been sent out, and we have started to receive acceptances. Secondly, the visiting delegation have a very tight schedule. We cannot ask them to change it now.
T: I see.
S: So, we need to talk about options. I’d like you to follow up with the manager at the restaurant and find out what they can suggest. Right now, the dinner party is supposed to start at 7:30pm. I think we could change the time of the dinner to either an hour earlier or an hour later, so 6:30pm or 8:30pm.
T: Okay, I’ll let him know that. However, what should we do if they are still unable to take us?
S: We will need to find another location. Ask the manager for some recommendations in the area for restaurants at a similar price point. We will need to call a few and get quotes.
T: Okay, I’ll get onto it straight away.
S: Okay. John, there’s one more thing. We have paid a deposit to the restaurant, and we have confirmation of the schedule in writing in the email they sent us. I think it’s clear they should take some of the responsibility here.
T: Yes, I agree.
S: Please let the manager know that if we cannot find a restaurant of roughly equal value, then he should cover some of the additional cost. It was their mistake, not ours.
T: Sure. I’ll make sure I let him know.
S: Great. Thanks John. Let me know how it goes.
T: Sure. I’ll send an email later today with the updates.
S: Thanks.

D09
PROMPT_EN: You have been assigned to the consulate in Canberra. You will be moving to an apartment in Canberra next month. You found the apartment online, and you have just returned from visiting the apartment. You like it, want to move in. Before signing the contract, you need to check the following with the real estate agent: (1) the exact payment necessary to secure the apartment and the payment procedure; (2) when you can get the keys to the apartment; (3) any contract cancellation fees which would apply should you need to suddenly return to Japan.
MODEL: T: So, Mr. Suzuki, what did you think of the apartment?
S: It’s quite nice. I like the location. The local train station is just a short walk from the apartment, which would be very convenient. Also, the area seems nice.
T: Yes, it’s quite a popular neighborhood right now. A lot of new cafes and restaurant have opened up in the last few years.
S: That’s good to know. So, I’d like to take the apartment, but there are a few things I need to check with you first, if that’s okay.
T: Certainly. Please have a seat and we can discuss the details.
S: Thank you.
T: So, what would you like to know first?
S: Well the most important thing of course is the cost. I understand what the monthly rental fee is, but I’d like to know about the setup costs.
T: Sure. We ask you to pay a two-month deposit, and the first month’s rent up front. The deposit is returned to you when you move out after the apartment is inspected. If the apartment is damaged in anyway, or requires cleaning, then those costs will come out of the apartment. Of course, we will do an inspection with you before you move in, and take note of any already existing scratches or marks in the apartment, and you will get a record of that. We do the same thing when you leave, and then we simply compare the lists.
S: I see. That sounds very straightforward. Do I need to pay any additional fees?
T: No, there are no additional upfront fees.
S: Really? That’s a nice surprise. I was expecting to have to pay some fees for the preparation of the contract.
T: Well, a small amount of your monthly rent goes to covering administration costs.
S: I see. That makes sense, I guess. So, how do I go about making the payment?
T: You can pay cash here at the branch, or you can pay by cheque, or we take VISA or Mastercard as well.
S: I see. That’s easy enough. And what about the monthly rent? How do I make the rent payment?
T: There are a few options. We can set up an automatic withdrawal from your bank account, or we can charge your credit card monthly.
S: Okay. I understand. Well, it all sounds very reasonable. So, what’s the next step?
T: Great! Well, let me contact the apartment’s owner and let them know. They need to give approval. Then, we will write up a rental contract. When can you move in?
S: I will be moving to Canberra next month. As you know, I will be working for the Embassy of Japan. I think I will start on Monday, the 15th. I’ll need to move in the weekend before that, on Saturday, the 13th.
T: Okay. We will prepare the contract based on a move-in date of Saturday, the 13th.
S: When will I be able to get the apartment keys?
T: After the contract is prepared and signed, and the initial deposit and rent is paid, you can pick up the keys from the office here.
S: Great. Then I will come here early on Saturday, the 13th. One last question. It is possible I could be called back to Japan early, before my apartment contract ends. What would happen in that situation?
T: Okay, well there is a small fee in that case. It’s half the deposit. That gives us some time then to find another occupant.
S: I see. That seems reasonable.
T: Okay. Let me contact the owner today, and I will contact you afterwards about the contract.
S: Okay. That sounds good. Thank you very much for your time today, Robin.
T: No problem at all Mr. Suzuki. Have a great day.

D10
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Melbourne. You have been asked by your boss to choose a hotel for a group of dignitaries visiting Melbourne next month. The dignitaries will be attending a conference at the Melbourne Conference and Exhibition Centre. They will be in Melbourne for three days. Suggest a hotel and give reasons to support it. In the role play, your counterpart will make a counter suggestion for a different hotel. You need to explain the pros and cons of the counter suggestion and reaffirm why your hotel is the better choice.
MODEL: T: Hello Taro.
S: Hello Andre. How are you?
T: I’m good thanks.
S: So, I’ve asked you here because I want to get your opinion on which hotel we should book for Mr. Kato and his associates. As you know, they will be visiting us next month when they attend the SDGs in Oceania conference.
T: I think the conference will be held at the Melbourne Conference and Exhibition Centre. Is that right?
S: Yes, that’s correct. So somewhere nearby and within walking distance would be ideal.
T: Okay. I think the best option then is the Novotel at South Wharf.
S: Really? I thought the Pan Pacific would be better.
T: Certainly, the Pan Pacific is closer. But it’s also more expensive. The Novotel is a little further away from the conference centre, but it’s closer to the CBD and so it has better access to the embassy. Also, it’s on the CBD side of the river. As you know, the area around the conference centre isn’t that interesting.
S: Yes. I guess you are right.
T: At the same time, I think the Novotel might be cheaper than the Pan Pacific, while still providing good quality rooms and service.
S: Okay. Then I will contact the Novotel at South Wharf today and check their room availability. Thanks for your recommendation. It’s been very helpful.
T: No problem. I’m happy to help.

C01
PROMPT_EN: You work in the Embassy in Washington DC. The assistant to the Minister of Foreign Affairs will visit the States to meet with his US counterpart. In the meeting, explain the schedule (it’s a 3-day trip), point out the important events (his meeting with his counterpart in the afternoon on Day 2, and dinner afterwards), and answer any questions that may come up in the meeting.
MODEL: T: Okay, so we’re here today to talk about the schedule for Mr. Ando, who is arriving tomorrow. Let’s start with a recap of the schedule and then I’d just like to ask a couple of questions. Is that okay?
S: Of course.
T: Can you please go over Mr. Ando’s schedule for us?
S: Sure. He is going to arrive tomorrow morning at the airport on JAL660. Juan has been asked to meet him at the airport and bring him to the embassy. He has a couple of meetings here in the afternoon and then I will take him to his hotel room and check him in. Juan will pick him up from the hotel in the morning and bring him back to the embassy again.
T: So, what will he do when on the first day?
S: Well, he has a meeting with Ms Sherman, the Deputy Secretary of State, at 2pm. He is planning to review his speaking points in the morning and attend the meeting in the afternoon.
T: Got it. How long will the meeting last?
S: The meeting is expected to last a couple of hours. Afterwards, they plan to have dinner together from 7pm. I will escort him back to the embassy after the meeting and then pick him up at the hotel and take him to his dinner appointment.
T: I see. And Friday?
S: Then, on Friday, he will take the scheduled return flight back to Japan in the afternoon on JAL662. Juan will again take him to the airport and check him in.
T: Thank you, Taro. That is very clear. Who will attend dinner with him and Ms Sherman?
S: Ambassador Tomita has been invited, but I do not know if he has confirmed yet or not.
T: I see. I will check.
S: Okay.
T: And has an interpreter been confirmed for Mr. Ando?
S: Yes, Kobayashi san is available and will support him for each day it is required.
T: Does that include the dinner?
S: No. Mr. Ando said he does not require an interpreter for dinner. He said he is comfortable enough communicating in English by himself for social events.
T: I see. Thanks.
S: You’re welcome.

C02
PROMPT_EN: You work at the Embassy of Japan in New Delhi. The Business Department of a local university has invited you to a university festival. Make a brief announcement about the mission of the embassy in relation to the department and answer any questions.
MODEL: T: Today, we are going to hear from Mr. Suzuki who has come from the Embassy of Japan to talk a little about Japan’s involvement with business in India. Thank you, Mr. Suzuki.
S: Hello, thank you for having me. I’m going to talk a little about the mission of the Embassy of Japan in New Delhi.
T: For our Ambassador, Mr. Suzuki, one of his main goals has been working closely with business leaders in India to help improve India-Japan relations. Most recently, this has been seen in activities such as his involvement with the introduction of the Intelligent Transportation System and the CII partnership summit, both in the last few months.
T: I know he plans on continuing to develop this close relationship with industry leaders well into next year.
T: Mr. Suzuki, thank you for letting us know Mr. Suzuki’s priorities. What do you know of Japan’s investment in India?
S: Well, last year Japan invested over 9 billion US dollars in Indian start-ups. That’s a huge amount. India has been a priority for investment the last five years, and I see that continuing next year as well.
T: That’s good news. Thank you, Mr. Suzuki.
S: You’re welcome. Thank you.

C03
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Sydney. You are attending a meeting to plan the next Japanese cultural event at the embassy. You want to suggest an event about Japanese crafts. A local staff member suggests Sports Day as Australian’s love of sport is renowned. Discuss and decide which type of event to choose, taking into account budget limitations, the feasibility of holding the event (season, cost, attendance by local citizens), and of course, the opinions of your counterpart.
MODEL: T: Okay. So, thanks Taro for coming to this meeting.
S: No problem. I’ve been looking forward to it.
T: Great. So today we want to decide the theme for our next event.
S: What were you thinking?
T: Well, Sports Day is coming up on October 10, so I thought it would be good to do something about Japanese sports.
S: That’s an interesting idea. Although, I remember last year we held a judo exhibition. We didn’t get many visitors.
T: Hmmm. Okay. What do you think we should do?
S: Well, we haven’t done any Japanese crafts in a while, so I thought we could consider something like bonsai, or ikebana, or shuji, you know… oh what’s the work for it in English?
T: Calligraphy?
S: Yes, that’s it.
T: Well, you’ve raised some interesting ideas.
S: What’s the budget for the event?
T: For just an exhibition for one afternoon, I think we can allocate between 500 and 700 dollars.
S: I see. If we want people to experience the craft, we will probably have to buy some supplies. That could get a little expensive.
T: I see what you mean. What would be the cheapest?
S: From the three ideas I suggested?
T: Yes. You spoke about bonsai, ikebana and shuji.
S: Well, I think bonsai can be quite expensive if we have to buy plants for each participant and the gardening tools. If we do shuji the traditional Japanese way, the sumi… the ink and the brushes can be expensive. Ikebana might be an option. Can we take flowers from the gardens around the embassy?
T: I don’t see why not. Let me run it past the grounds keeper and see, but I think it should be possible. I guess it will depend on the season and the flowers in bloom.
S: Well, if we can do that, that would definitely keep costs down. And I think it would be nice to have seasonal flowers. We’d just have to pay for a teacher to come and hold a class on afternoon.
T: That sounds very reasonable. Let me look into it and get back to you. But for now, let's plan an ikebana event.
S: Sure.
T: Thanks for your help Taro. You’ve given me some good ideas.
S: Any time.

C04
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in New York. You recently rented a conference room for three days at a hotel for an event. The hotel is one you use often. It is near a train station hub, and the staff there are usually very friendly and supportive of Japanese guests. After the event, you received an email from the hotel manager claiming some equipment in the conference room was damaged. Now, the hotel staff is calling to follow up. You must negotiate with the hotel to avoid liability for the damaged goods, while also sustaining a positive relationship with the manager and the hotel. You would like to be able to use the hotel again in the future.
MODEL: S: Hello. Taro Suzuki speaking.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. This is Peter Brown at the Continental Hotel.
S: Oh yes, Peter. It’s good to hear from you. What can I do for you?
T: Actually, I’m afraid I’m calling with some bad news.
S: Really? What’s up?
T: Well, it’s with regard to the conference room you rented last week.
S: Yes?
T: I’m afraid there was some damage done to some of the equipment. Specifically, the printer seems to be broken. In addition, there seems to be a cigarette burn in the carpet in the corner.
S: Oh really. I’m sorry to hear that. However, I am surprised. On the last day of the conference as we left, an inspection of the room was done by the manager on duty at the time. I forget his name.
T: That was John Anderson.
S: Yes, John. That’s right. We went around the room together. I don’t remember seeing a cigarette burn. Although, admittedly, I didn’t look at every corner of the carpet. At the same time, all the attendees were aware that the hotel is non-smoking so I would be surprised if they burnt the carpet. And also, John didn’t mention it at the time.
T: Right. I see. Okay, I will check with John.
S: As for the printer, what exactly is the damage?
T: It looks like the paper feed jammed, and it’s been broken while trying to unjam it.
S: Hmmm. Okay, but we didn’t have any problems with it. If we had, we would have needed to ask for repairs because we used it the entire time. It was important for us to be able to print and distribute regular updates to the conference attendees. If it had broken and become unusable during the conference, it would have been a big problem for us that would have needed to be addressed promptly.
T: I see. So you don’t think it could have happened during the conference.
S: That’s right. It must have happened after. And as I said, John went over everything. In fact, I think I still have the copy of inspection report. I can send it to you if you’d like.
T: No. That’s okay. I’ll talk again with John.
S: I’m sorry I can’t help you. I hope you will let us come back to the hotel next spring. We enjoy working with you and your staff.
T: Of course. Thank you for your time.
S: No problem Peter. Have a great day.
T: You too. Mr. Suzuki.
S: Goodbye.

C05
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Melbourne. You are participating in a meeting about catering an upcoming event. You favor a local caterer you have worked with before. They have always been reliable and provided high quality food. However, your counterpart wants to use a new caterer who is popular on Instagram. They feel their social media presence would help promote the activities of the embassy. You need to argue in favor of your preferred caterer in detail giving reasons and evidence to support your preferred choice. You also need to listen and respond to the arguments presented by your counterpart.
MODEL: S: Hi Mary. Thanks for coming today.
T: No problem Taro. I understand we need to choose a caterer.
S: That’s right. I was thinking we should use Best Foods again. They always give us good quality food at a reasonable price, and they have always been reliable. Last year they really helped us out when we had that unexpected visit from the American delegation. They were fast and professional and really very helpful.
T: Yes, that’s true. However, do you know the company Better Parties? They launched about a year ago.
S: No. I’ve never heard of them. Who are they?
T: Really? They are huge on Instagram. I think they have over half a million followers, and they post regularly. Their food looks great, and they have lots of positive reviews?
S: They sound expensive. I don’t know if we could afford them.
T: Well, I will look into the cost, but with such a popular presence on social media, we are paying not just for the food, but also the media coverage.
S: That’s an interesting idea. I hadn’t thought of that. Would they help us promote the event through their social media?
T: Possibly. I’d have to check. But I think it would be mutually beneficial, so I can’t see why they wouldn’t.
S: Well. I think that would be the deciding factor. I am willing to give them a go if they will promote the event. Otherwise, I think we’d be better off going with Best Foods. We have worked with them for a long time, and that relationship is important to us. I don’t want to upset them by choosing a competitor of theirs.
T: Yes, I understand. Well, let me reach out to Better Parties and see what they say.
S: If you can get back to me within the week, I’d appreciate it. We need to start making the arrangements.
T: Yes, I understand. Okay, I’ll contact them today.
S: Thanks Mary. That would be very helpful.
T: No problem.

C06
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Sydney and have a meeting with a local staff member. He wants to request a personal loan from the embassy to cover unexpected expenses. The embassy can approve this as an advance on his salary. However, you need to make the following clear: (1) You are reluctant to approve it, as it means his salary—paid in five weeks (two weeks after the end of the calendar-month pay period)—will be reduced. (2) He must agree to the conditions: the advance is limited to one-third of the monthly salary and can only be granted once. (3) Approval requires a special request to the head office in Tokyo, and a response may take several days.
MODEL: S: Hello Paul.
T: Hello Mr. Suzuki. Thanks for agreeing to meet with me.
S: No problem. What can I do for you?
T: I’m a little embarrassed to ask, but I need a loan, and I was hoping the embassy could help.
S: I see. What kind of loan.
T: I’m afraid I was involved in a car accident last week, and I’m sorry to say it was my fault. I have third party insurance, but the insurance company has told me it would be cheaper for me to pay the repair cost than process the claim because it will mean my insurance payments will go up in the long run.
S: I see. Why are you asking the embassy?
T: Well, as you know, I moved here six months ago, and I don’t really have anyone who I can ask to help. As my employer, I’m hoping you can help.
S: How much do you need?
T: About 1,000 dollars.
S: I see. So, let me explain what the embassy can do. We do have a provision for this type of situation, and we can provide you with an advance on your salary. However, there are some limitations and conditions that you will have to agree to in writing before the payment can be processed.
T: I see. Can you tell me what they are?
S: Okay. First of all, the maximum amount we can provide is equal to one third of your salary for the next month, after all taxes and deductions are calculated. In your case, we could provide you with the 1000 dollars.
T: I see. Thank you.
S: However, it is an advance, not a loan. It will be deducted from your scheduled salary payment in the middle of next month.
T: Oh, I see. That would make the next month quite difficult.
S: Also, this type of advance requires approval from the head office in Tokyo. It will take a few days to get approval and process the payment.
T: I see.
S: Do you want me to make the request to the head office?
T: Yes please.
S: Okay. There is some paperwork you will need to submit. I’ll email it to you today. After you return it to me, I’ll submit the request to the head office. The advance will be deposited directly into your bank account within the next five business days.
T: I understand. Thank you very much for your help. I really appreciate it.
S: Oh, there is one more thing you need to understand. I am always reluctant to approve these types of requests. The reason for this is because this type of advance can only be granted once in an employee’s career. You cannot request it again. Are you okay with that?
T: I see. I understand. Yes, I am okay with that. But I don’t really have any other options. I appreciate your support.
S: You’re welcome.

C07
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in New York. You are going to interview a candidate for an administrative position in the embassy. You want to know about her education and work history, her experience with Japan and Japanese people, and whether she would be a good match with the people in the office. Make sure you ask follow-up questions to responses to get more detailed information. During the interview, the candidate will provide additional information. Make sure to ask follow-up questions about that too.
MODEL: S: Okay Ms Andrews. Please have a seat.
T: Thank you.
S: So, first, I’m going to explain our selection process. We have already taken a look at your application and resume, and today we will conduct the initial interview. Assuming you are successful, we will ask you to complete a personality profile, and following that, you’ll participate in a second interview with my boss. Is that okay?
T: Certainly.
S: Okay then, let’s begin. I see on your resume you have spent some time in Japan. Can you tell me about that?
T: Yes, I was in Japan for three years after I finished university. I went there initially for just a year, but fell in love with the country and stayed for three.
S: Wow, that’s quite a stay. Where did you spend most of your time?
T: I was in Osaka for the first year, and then moved up to Tokyo for the last two.
S: Oh, really? Why was that?
T: Well, my partner at the time got a job in Tokyo, and I was able to transfer there as well. It worked out for both of us.
S: I see. So which city did you prefer, and why?
T: Actually, while Tokyo is a lot bigger than Osaka and has many more places to go and things to see, to be honest, I preferred the people in Osaka.
S: It’s not an uncommon story. So, let’s talk about your experience in this type of job. I see you have worked in admin for quite some time. Why is that?
T: Well, I enjoy the type of work involved. I am quite organized, and thorough in my work. It’s just who I am, and I find that my kind of personality fits well with this kind of work.
S: I see. How would your previous boss describe your work?
T: Actually, I’ve included a written reference from him in my application. I think he wrote I am both committed to getting work done on time, and a loyal employee.
S: That is certainly positive praise. If there were one thing you would like to improve upon, what would it be?
T: Well, I can be a bit of a perfectionist at times, and I have high standards. I need to let that go a little sometimes because I have been close with my deadlines once or twice.
S: I see. Yes, sometimes we need to find the right balance.

C08
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Melbourne. You recently purchased a product for your office (e.g., a printer, a desk lamp, an office chair). You had problems with the product and returned it to the vendor within the warranty period. However, the vendor has contacted you because the product was returned damaged. The damage is in addition to the original fault. When you shipped the product, you believed it was in good condition. You received an email from the vendor. They are now saying they cannot accept the return of the product because of the damage that was not reported when you made the claim. Call the vendor and resolve the situation.
MODEL: T: Good morning. Thank you for calling David Jones, Chadstone. How may I help you today?
S: Hello, this is Taro Suzuki at the Consulate of Japan in Melbourne.
T: Hello, Mr. Suzuki. What can I do for you?
S: Could you put me through to the electronics department, please?
T: Certainly, please hold the line.
S: Okay.
T: Hello, this is John in electronics. How can I help you today?
S: Hello John, this is Taro Suzuki at the Consulate of Japan in Melbourne. I’m calling in regard to an email I received from your store earlier today.
T: Okay, Mr. Suzuki. Please let me check our email… Okay, I see what this is in regard to. It seems you returned a Toshiba laptop, and it has arrived with additional damage to the outside of the machine
T: To be honest with you, I don’t know. You shipped the laptop to us using Australia Post, so it took a week to get to us. We will have to conduct an investigation and contact the post office. At the moment, we cannot accept the return under the conditions of your warranty.
S: I see. And how long is that expected to take? I currently don’t have a personal computer I can use. I am barely getting by with my smartphone, but it’s really quite inconvenient. And what should I do if you do not accept the return?
T: Instead of replacing the laptop, we can repair it. And there will be a cost to replace the outer casing. You may be able to claim that on insurance if you have any.
S: I do have insurance. However, I don’t consider that a reasonable solution to this problem. Okay, well then, please contact the post office. When will I know the result?
T: It could take up to two weeks.
S: Okay. Well, I guess I don’t have a choice.
T: I appreciate your patience. We will contact you as soon as we reach a decision regarding your claim.
S: Thank you. Goodbye.
T: Goodbye Mr. Suzuki.

C09
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in Sydney. You were involved in a minor car accident this morning. There was some damage to your vehicle. There are some bents and scratches on one of the panels. You believe you were driving safely and appropriately, and the other party was responsible for the collision. At the accident site, you exchanged insurance details with the other driver. You have now arrived at work. Call your insurance company, explain the situation, and make it clear that the other party needs to pay the full cost of the repairs.
MODEL: T: Good morning. Thank you for calling RACV Car insurance. This is Andrew. How may I help you today?
S: Hello Andrew. My name is Taro Suzuki. I have insurance with your organization. I need to report an accident.
T: I see. First Mr. Suzuki, are you okay? Do you need an ambulance?
S: No. I’m okay, thank you. The accident happened a little while ago. I am now at my office.
T: I see. Thank you for calling. Can I check some things first?
S: Of course. Go ahead.
T: Was another vehicle involved in the accident?
S: Yes, there was one other car involved.
T: I see. Did you get the contact information for the other driver?
S: Yes, I did.
T: Did you get the insurance information?
S: Yes, I did.
T: Okay, can you tell me what happened?
S: Okay. I was driving straight down Centre Road heading west from Bentleigh Station, heading towards the Nepean Highway. I was in the left lane. All of a sudden, the car in the right lane hit my car.
T: I see. Can you give me some more information about how the accident happened?
S: Yes. The driver merged into the left lane without checking. He didn’t see me and wasn’t aware that I was already in the left-hand lane when he started merging. As a result, the front left side of his car hit the back right bumper of my car.
T: I see. How bad is the damage?
S: It’s not too bad, to be honest. However, the driver said there was room for him to merge into the lane, and I must have slowed down after he started to merge, causing the accident. That’s just not true, and I don’t think I should have to pay anything for an accident that is not my fault.
T: I see. I need to ask you to fill out an online accident report on our website. Just go to RACV.com, and click ‘Make a claim’ and then choose ‘Car insurance claims’ and it will take you through the online claim process.
S: Okay, I will do that. How long will it take to process the claim? I’d like to get the car fixed asap. I don’t think it’s roadworthy in its current condition.
T: We will need to conduct an investigation. They usually take a week or two. We will let you know.
S: I see. Okay, I will make the claim today.

C10
PROMPT_EN: You work at the consulate in New York. You are participating in a budget meeting. Your boss has asked for ideas on how to reduce costs for the next quarter. Share your ideas with detailed reasons and supporting statements.
MODEL: T: Okay, so as you know from the email I sent you all last week, we’re here today to discuss how we can reduce costs. You’ve each had some time to think about how costs can be reduced in your departments, and I’d like to go around the table and ask each of you to share your ideas one by one. Let’s start with you, Taro.
S: Okay John. Thanks for letting me go first. I’ve been considering how we can cut costs, and I’ve come up with, I think, three possible ways of doing so. Let me share them and get your feedback.
T: Okay, go ahead.
S: Well, the first idea is to reduce the amount of overtime hours worked. There is a lot of double and triple checking of documents being processed, for example, for visa applications, and I think a lot of that can be centralized in Tokyo. If our document processing systems can be aligned with the systems in Tokyo, and we move towards digitization of documents, then with a secure network we should be able to quickly and easily transfer documents and rapidly increase processing times. I often think our systems are currently overly bureaucratic and are slowed down by the excessive level of checking required. I think this could be streamlined.
T: That’s not a bad idea. I have a meeting tomorrow with Tokyo. I’ll bring it up and see what the response is. Do you have any other ideas?
S: Well, yes, I do. It’s similar to the first one, inasmuch as it is a reflection of manpower. I was thinking that we could cut the number of part time staff we have. Usually, there are 4 staff in the office at any time, but that’s not always needed. I thought that on some days, we could get by with just three.
T: Hmmm. I’m not sure about that, but it’s certainly something we will have to consider. Let me think about that one. You said you have three ideas. What is the third one?
S: Okay. So, the last one is small perhaps, but I was thinking we could turn off the lights when we don’t need them. Often there are parts of the building where the lights are on all day, but are rarely used. Also, I think we could turn all the lights off at lunchtime. Overtime, it could add up.
T: An interesting idea, and easy enough to implement. Sure, let’s do it.
S: Great.
